TODO:
 . Save files on change as opposed to on quit
 . Position menus properly
 . Use an animated throbber
 . Add a context menu to the pageholder
 . Make tabs autoshrink
 . New tabs from a TabNew action should always open in the foreground
 . Middle click toolbuttons or menuitems should open new tabs
 . Implement userscript support
 . Actual multiple window support, some things just ignore this currently
 . Custom context menu actions
 . custom tab names
 . Open an auto-vanishing findbox with '.'
 . Support gettext
 . Custom panels, loaded from (x)htm(l) files or websites
 . Drag tabs onto the panel to have it in the sidebar.
 . Save completion stores
 . analogus to blocked popups, blocked scripts moving layers on load
 . per-site blocking of individual elements on a page
 . statusbar icon 'cookies blocked', icon 'popups blocked'
 . per-site settings accessible via statusbar icons, ie. cookies, popups, plugins
 . cookieSafe like, a list of cookies, with type, block, allow
 . support mouse gestures
 . optional internal source view using gtksourceview
 . automatic update checks (browser, extensions)?
 . auto-group tabs by opener, with colors?
 . mark (dogear) a selection so that it isn't cleared implicitly, multiply on one page
 . have an internal uri scheme, eg. 'res:', to reference eg. themed icons
 . 'about:' uris: about, blank, cache, config, plugins
 . panel of open tabs (with tree-structure), optional thumbnail-view
 . spell check support
 . allow full page zoom (how do we incorporate it in the gui?)
 . check specific bookmarks for updates automatically (as an extension?)
 . mark "new" as well as "actually modified" tabs specially (even over sessions)
 . customizable toolbars, custom buttons (uri, title, icon)
 . searchEngine: "Show in context menu"
 . use libnotify for events, e.g. download finished
 . save screenshot of a document
 . right-click a textbox in a search form and choose 'add to websearch'
 . support extensions written in lua
 . the scrollbar must be exactly at the right (left) edge if maximized: fitt's law
 . detailed css element view, maybe in 'properties'?
 . reuse running instance, probably via libunique
 . respect design principle "no warnings but undo of backups"?
 . support widgets 1.0 spec in tool windows and standalone
 . blank page: several custom links, displayed as thumbnails, like Opera
 . handle downloads, optionally in a downloadbar
 . Implement userstyle support
 . Protected tabs prompt when attempting to close them
 . provide a 'sleep mode' after a crash where open documents are loaded manually
 . option to run plugins or scripts only on demand, like NoScript, per-site
 . optional http redirection manually or on timeout
 . style: none, compatible (b/w), default, [styles], "media", ["media" styles], ...
 . mouse pointer coordinates in the status bar
 . draw rectangle with the mouse, x/y/x2/y2 in the statusbar
 . formfill (like Opera's magic wand)
 . private browsing mode (no browsing, download or search history)
 . shared bookmarks and config
 . custom-mode, e.g. hide menubar and use help icon to have a help viewer
 . dead tabs: download, aborted page
 . on url load, for big files, ask "Open or save?"
 . middle-click on selection to open <selection>
